Add documentation for AIX and Intune parser (#663)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/endpoint/ibm_aix.md

uuid: e8cb3372-41c8-409f-8e0e-ca4e6cecf7e6
name: IBM AIX 
type: intake

## Overview

AIX (Advanced Interactive eXecutive), is a series of proprietary Unix operating systems developed and sold by IBM for several of its computer platforms.

> 

Reviewer: Recent change on the documentation, to associate rule to datasource, we should include a new autogenerated document
```suggestion
{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_e8cb3372-41c8-409f-8e0e-ca4e6cecf7e6_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

```

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/ibm-aix_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

## Configure

In this guide, you will configure the gateway to forward events to syslog.

### Prerequisites

An internal log concentrator (Rsyslog) is required to collect and forward events to SEKOIA.IO.

### Enable Syslog forwarding

> Log on your NIOS appliance and follow [this guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/dsm?topic=aado-configuring-aix-audit-dsm-send-syslog-events-qradar) to enable syslog forwarding

Reviewer: NIOS is another technology. I suggest deleting this part of the sentence.
```suggestion
Follow [this guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/dsm?topic=aado-configuring-aix-audit-dsm-send-syslog-events-qradar) to enable syslog forwarding for audit events
```

## Create the intake

Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format IBM AIX.

> ## Transport to SEKOIA.IO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Send logs to SEKOIA.IO
```
